termsmix.md, before:

---
layout: terms
permalink: "../mixservice/" 

title:  "Mix Service"
role: "MAKING SONIC DREAMS COME TRUE"
---

# Mix Service

<p>&nbsp;</p>

Hello, great that we'll be working together, I love making sonic dreams come true!

On this page you will find some technical details to prepare our session.

<p>&nbsp;</p>

First some technical details about the files you will send me. 

##### <strong>Audio files</strong>

- Audio Formats: 24 bits, 44.1 or 48 kHz is perfect, but anything will do.
- All files must start from the same moment in time at the beginning of the song where there is no sound of any of the sources.
- All files should have clear and consistent naming: source, instrument, mic position, or what they sound like. Not "Audio 1", "Input 6", "SYNTH-4-87\_R\_25- 24b", etc. please.
- For mono sources please don't send a stereo file.
- Provide all sound sources separately, no sub-mixes unless specified and to create an audible example.
- Bounce all the tracks with all faders (including master) on 0 dB without (volume or other) automation and without audio processing.
- If there is any volume automation and/or audio processing you think is important, add a version with the automation and/or processing.
- If you have already created a mixed version you really like (the rough mix) please include this and explain what you like about it. Can be any kind of format: mp3, wav etc. 


##### <strong>Other files</strong>

- Create a text file with the BPM (if played to a click) and other things I need to know that guided the performances.
- Add pdf/text/doc files with all lyrics if your recording includes any singing and or spoken word. (optional)
- If you have any pictures of the recording setup (placement of microphones) please add those. (optional)

<p>&nbsp;</p>

#### <strong>Session Timeline</strong>
We can discuss the details using email, Facetime or Skype. If you have specific sonic dreams; let me know. Tell me what you envisioned when you conceived and created the music/composition.
If you are able come to the studio, you are welcome to join me.

I can help with the production of the tracks if I think I can contribute something essential. I will share my thoughts and you can decide if we'll make them audible. I can re-amp your synths, use analog filters, distortion, add bass, guitar, synths, or rhythm/groove programming, anything needed to make for maximum impact. 

I put the mixes on [StackTune](https://stacktune.com) (private) so you can hear the progress and comment on it. I can send you mix files if you want, but please be aware that old mixes on harddiscs might cause harmful mistakes and this online solution tries to prevent that. I will send you the finished and approved version.

It's only done when you say it's done. I will mix and tweak till everybody is happy. It is my absolute joy to help you get the best results from your recordings and I don't mind to keep tweaking to make sure all details are taken care of. If feedback rounds take much more time than normal I will notify you in advance and we'll think of a solution that works for both of us.


<p>&nbsp;</p>

#### <strong>Mastering</strong>

I can do the mastering or we send the mix to a mastering studio of your choice. I can connect you to mastering engineers which I think are really good.

Normally I don't master the tracks that I mixed. But there are many exceptions to that rule. We can discuss the best solution here.

I like to be involved in the mastering of the mixes if possible, to help monitoring you get an optimum end result.



<p>&nbsp;</p>

#### <strong>Session media</strong>
The mixed and/or mastered audio files will be delivered in any format you want. The session files (Logic Pro, Audition etc.) used to create the mix and/or master will not be included unless we agreed otherwise.

Mixed stems for other purposes (e.g. remix) can be created no later than 90 days after session completion. There is an additional fee per track. For prices please contact me.

<p>&nbsp;</p>

#### <strong>Accreditation</strong>

Unless agreed otherwise in writing, and taking into account the best practices in the music industry, you must ensure that the appropriate credits shall be mentioned in all the label copy, artwork, print and social media related to the studio results reading substantially: "<em>Mixed by Gijs van Klooster</em>".

On Facebook use tag [@gijsvankloostermusic](https://www.facebook.com/gijsvankloostermusic).<br />
On Instagram use tag [@gijsvanklooster](https://www.instagram.com/gijsvanklooster).<br />
On Twitter use tag [@abcgijs](https://twitter.com/abcgijs).<br />
All others online credits should link to [www.gijsvanklooster.com](https://gijsvanklooster.com).

<p>&nbsp;</p>

#### <strong>Policies, Terms & Conditions</strong>

The general [RedHouse Policies, Terms & Conditions](../terms) apply for the studio mix session.


<p>&nbsp;</p>

Thank you for reading all the way!

love

G

Commit message:

update with invoicing
Signed-off-by: Gijs van Klooster <gijsvanklooster@Gijss-MacBook-Pro.local>

termsmix.md, after:

---
layout: terms
permalink: "../mixservice/" 

title:  "Mix Service"
role: "MAKING SONIC DREAMS COME TRUE"
---

# Mix Service

<p>&nbsp;</p>

Hello, great that we'll be working together, I love making sonic dreams come true!

On this page you will find some technical details to prepare our session.

<p>&nbsp;</p>

First some technical details about the files you will send me. 

##### <strong>Audio files</strong>

- Audio Formats: 24 bits, 44.1 or 48 kHz is perfect, but anything will do.
- All files must start from the same moment in time at the beginning of the song where there is no sound of any of the sources.
- All files should have clear and consistent naming: source, instrument, mic position, or what they sound like. Not "Audio 1", "Input 6", "SYNTH-4-87\_R\_25- 24b", etc. please.
- For mono sources please don't send a stereo file.
- Provide all sound sources separately, no sub-mixes unless specified and to create an audible example.
- Bounce all the tracks with all faders (including master) on 0 dB without (volume or other) automation and without audio processing.
- If there is any volume automation and/or audio processing you think is important, add a version with the automation and/or processing.
- If you have already created a mixed version you really like (the rough mix) please include this and explain what you like about it. Can be any kind of format: mp3, wav etc. 


##### <strong>Other files</strong>

- Create a text file with the BPM (if played to a click) and other things I need to know that guided the performances.
- Add pdf/text/doc files with all lyrics if your recording includes any singing and or spoken word. (optional)
- If you have any pictures of the recording setup (placement of microphones) please add those. (optional)

<p>&nbsp;</p>

#### <strong>Session Timeline</strong>
We can discuss the details using email, Facetime or Skype. If you have specific sonic dreams; let me know. Tell me what you envisioned when you conceived and created the music/composition.
If you are able come to the studio, you are welcome to join me.

I can help with the production of the tracks if I think I can contribute something essential. I will share my thoughts and you can decide if we'll make them audible. I can re-amp your synths, use analog filters, distortion, add bass, guitar, synths, or rhythm/groove programming, anything needed to make for maximum impact. 

I put the mixes on [StackTune](https://stacktune.com) (private) so you can hear the progress and comment on it. It's a great tool to compare different versions and you can comment on the time line (or a time region) for clear communication. Take a look at their home page to get an overview of the features.
I can send you mix files if you want, but please be aware that old mixes on hard discs might cause harmful mistakes and this online solution tries to prevent that.

It's only done when you say it's done. I will mix and tweak till everybody is happy. It is my absolute joy to help you get the best results from your recordings and I don't mind to keep tweaking to make sure all details are taken care of. If feedback rounds take much more time than normal I will notify you in advance and we'll think of a solution that works for both of us.


<p>&nbsp;</p>

#### <strong>Mastering</strong>

I can do the mastering or we send the mix to a mastering studio of your choice. I can connect you to mastering engineers which I think are really good.

Normally I don't master the tracks that I mixed. But there are many exceptions to that rule. We can discuss the best solution here.

I like to be involved in the mastering of the mixes if possible, to help monitoring you get an optimum end result.



<p>&nbsp;</p>

#### <strong>Invoicing</strong>
€ 500 (ex BTW/VAT) per day per track is the norm. But this may vary based on the complexity of the music and duration. I am willing to talk about other options per project.
I will send you an invoice for 50% before I start and the other 50% when everybody is happy.


#### <strong>Session media</strong>
The mixed and/or mastered audio files will be delivered in any format you want. The session files (Logic Pro, Audition etc.) used to create the mix and/or master will not be included unless we agreed otherwise.

Mixed stems for other purposes (e.g. remix) can be created no later than 90 days after session completion. There is an additional fee per track. For prices please contact me.

<p>&nbsp;</p>

#### <strong>Accreditation</strong>

Unless agreed otherwise in writing, and taking into account the best practices in the music industry, you must ensure that the appropriate credits shall be mentioned in all the label copy, artwork, print and social media related to the studio results reading substantially: "<em>Mixed by Gijs van Klooster</em>".

On Facebook use tag [@gijsvankloostermusic](https://www.facebook.com/gijsvankloostermusic).<br />
On Instagram use tag [@gijsvanklooster](https://www.instagram.com/gijsvanklooster).<br />
On Twitter use tag [@abcgijs](https://twitter.com/abcgijs).<br />
All others online credits should link to [www.gijsvanklooster.com](https://gijsvanklooster.com).

<p>&nbsp;</p>

#### <strong>Policies, Terms & Conditions</strong>

The general [RedHouse Policies, Terms & Conditions](../terms) apply for the studio mix session.


<p>&nbsp;</p>

Thank you for reading all the way!

love

G
